{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f6\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f7\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f8\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red234\green234\blue234;\red67\green67\blue67;
\red23\green96\blue147;\red135\green135\blue135;\red196\green196\blue196;\red83\green83\blue83;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red202\green202\blue202;\red0\green0\blue0;\red226\green225\blue220;\red209\green209\blue209;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c93333\c93333\c93333;\cssrgb\c33333\c33333\c33333;
\cssrgb\c9412\c45490\c64314;\cssrgb\c60000\c60000\c60000;\cssrgb\c81176\c81176\c81176;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c90980\c90588\c89020;\cssrgb\c85490\c85490\c85490;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Getting Rid of Cookies: FLoCs and TOPICs by Google\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328513_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Getting Rid of Cookies: FLoCs and TOPICs by Google}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MATTHEW FORWARD
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 02   18:35 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.theverge.com/2022/1/25/22900567/google-floc-abandon-topics-api-cookies-tracking"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15600 \cf0 \cb3 Google abandons FLoC, introduces Topics API to replace tracking cookies\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Google claims Topics   help balance privacy vs. ads.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3  Verge\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federated_Learning_of_Cohorts"}}{\fldrslt \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15600 \cf0 \cb3 Federated Learning of Cohorts\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 In   discussion I recently read articles about Googles attempted move away from cookies for tracking people across websites. Since there are concerns with using cookies to track people across sites and deliver marketing for personalized sales, there    en many privacy concerns especially from Europe (GDPR); google   now tried to invent a new method to balance ensuring marketers have sufficient data to sell to individuals while protecting privacy concerns of  individual consumers.\cb1 \
\cb3 FLoCS seem interesting in a general context as it puts users into FLoCS (think bird flocks) that group people with similarities, so then advertisers   market to general groups. It seems  relationships  tween  network of people in Googles FLoC, would   due to similarities that they have gathered through data collection  tween groups of users, think (relation due to state/event, similarity).\cb1 \
\cb3 One other thing I would   interested to know, is how easily  central person of a FLoC could influence other's  haviours (advertisements seen). So I am curious if whomever is  centroid of a group, (ie most strongly resembles  group and    strongest ties with others in  group), would infleunce what other users see in terms of advertisements. Curious if   would perpetuate into  algorithm where  main person of a group starts clicking on certain things, and directs advertisements to  whole FLoC, for ones they specifically chose. I would also   curious as a researcher to see if a cascading effect would occur, even though these individual people in  FLoCs are un knownst to one another, if they would follow  same purc ing pattern that was initiated by a "centroid" person.\cb1 \
\cb3 Google   now moved from FLoCS to TOPICS, where advertisers are only shown certain topics a user may   interested in. However it is mentioned that TOPICS still uses some of  underlying framework from FLoCs. So I am curious if what mentioned above about FLoCS still applies to persons and networks of people.\cb1 \
\cb3 None of   writte above is necessarily true - as I do not know source code of FLoCS/TOPICS, just opinions on  totpics in relation to social networks and how they fit into marketing. It     interesting to see how Google / other browers navigate  future of privacy concerns while still providing advertising value to websites and  advertises who use  space.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_328513_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328513_1',%20$(%20'message_border._328513_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_328513_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328513_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._328513_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Getting Rid of Cookies: FLoCs and TOPICs by Google\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328566_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Getting Rid of Cookies: FLoCs and TOPICs by Google}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  RITU SHAHRAWAT
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 02   23:44\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thank you Matthew for sharing an interesting topic.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3  Topics API's initial design includes 350 topics approx. which is a concern for advertisers as it won't   sufficient enough to provide relevant targeting. Also, another concern for them is  limited timeframe, as they are used to much more persistent inclusion of an audience than one to three weeks. There are a lot of other concerns as well but   news is certainly a major development for  advertising industry.\cb1 \
\cb3 Here's a link to know more about  Topics API, How   it work?, What does advertisers do with  Topics API?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://adtechexplained.com/google-topics-api-explained/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \ul \ulc5 https://adtechexplained.com/google-topics-api-explained/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_328566_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328566_1',%20$(%20'message_border._328566_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_328566_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328566_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._328566_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Getting Rid of Cookies: FLoCs and TOPICs by Google\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329350_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Getting Rid of Cookies: FLoCs and TOPICs by Google}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  ASHISH JHA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf8 \cb9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs18 \cf2 INSTRUCTOR
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf8 \'a0
\f0\b\fs18 \cf2 MANAGER
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 05   20:53\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Interesting discussion Matthew.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Thanks for bringing these insights to class.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329350_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329350_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329350_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329350_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329350_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329350_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Getting Rid of Cookies: FLoCs and TOPICs by Google\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329400_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Getting Rid of Cookies: FLoCs and TOPICs by Google}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MICHAEL SCHOLZ
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 06   14:28\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Interesting topic!\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Having a centroid of a group able to nudge others into certain directions seems  a slippery slope. There is already evidence that Influencers affect consumer  haviours, and while a centroid of a FLoCK might not have an agenda to influence, it does create a high risk for exploitation.\'a0\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Reading about another big disadvatange of FLoCS, it seems that privacy is still an issue, as you   reverse engineer a person's identity using  grouping  person  longs.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Also, while cookies     deactivated, not sure if I understand correctly that if   is implemented, it   not have   function. Instead of getting rid of cookies, perhaps stricter rules around how easy it is to reject cookies (currently many websites still make it very difficult) would make for a  tter privacy solution.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329400_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329400_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329400_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329400_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329400_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329400_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Getting Rid of Cookies: FLoCs and TOPICs by Google\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329435_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Getting Rid of Cookies: FLoCs and TOPICs by Google}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MATTHEW FORWARD
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 06   18:00\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Yeah there are definitely some ethical conerns.  goal entirely is to move away from cookies and stop using them on Chrome to give information to advertisers. Yeah its potentially a good solution to make it easier to reject cookies a "1 step process" however there might   a push from  business side not to do it. Seems google and others have to walk a fine line of GDPR/privacy concerns and  value of personalized data for marketing for advertisers.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329435_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329435_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329435_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329435_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329435_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329435_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Getting Rid of Cookies: FLoCs and TOPICs by Google\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329440_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Getting Rid of Cookies: FLoCs and TOPICs by Google}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  POONAM SHIVAJI PATIL
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 06   18:40\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Great topic Matthew. From what I read  concerns mentioned above are valid which is why Google   killed  FLOC proposal and replaced it with  Topics API. Topics of interest     stored in your browser and  users have  choice to understand and delete them.     prevent  centroid effect of someone elses tastes affecting  larger group and also as users are not individually identified via cookies and shown general topic related ads it also complies with GDPR. Although not   st solution from a privacy viewpoint as  user still needs to keep deleting their topics on a weekly basis       seen as step in  right direction.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329440_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329440_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329440_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329440_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329440_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329440_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Getting Rid of Cookies: FLoCs and TOPICs by Google\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330533_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Getting Rid of Cookies: FLoCs and TOPICs by Google}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MOHIT GANESH RATHOD
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   21:03\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 \'a0Advertisers' perspective-\'a0In my previous organisation, I used to get data from Google and my client (AB In v) had freedom for choosing  attributes (variables) and  level of data they need for analytics. It was never a customer level data but segmented data. You need to set filters for Demographics (
\f0\b Demographic segmentation groups customers
\f1\b0 \'a0and potential customers together by focusing on certain traits such as age, gender, income, occupation & family status) and top of it you   target based on people's interests/ key words (Which is i guess already get analyze by internal algorithm of google). Also, whatever data as an advertiser you want from google,  filters need to   set carefully in prior  cause once you missed anything then even google won't   able to pull that data back for you.\cb1 \
\cb3 In general, Companies do share audience-level sensitive data with media analytics firm.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330533_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330533_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330533_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330533_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330533_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330533_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Facebook reports it's first ever drop in num r of users\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328577_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Facebook reports it's first ever drop in num r of users}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  DEIVANAI ALAGAPPAN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 03   06:21\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.theverge.com/2022/2/2/22914970/facebook-app-loses-daily-users-first-time-earnings"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15600 \cf0 \cb3 Facebook lost daily users for  first time ever last quarter\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 A metaverse pivot isn\'92t going to fix  social network\'92s main problems: slowing user and ad growth\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3  Verge\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 About damn time! After many years of  ing in privacy intrusion and data collection law suits,  users of Facebook are starting to abandon it. If   decline continues to   a pattern, Facebook might   obselete in a few years.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_328577_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328577_1',%20$(%20'message_border._328577_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_328577_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328577_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._328577_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Facebook reports it's first ever drop in num r of users\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328587_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Facebook reports it's first ever drop in num r of users}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MARIE SCH\'dcRMANN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 03   10:11\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 I agree with you that Meta is unethical in many dimensions. What I find most alarming are  regularly public reveals of former employees, e.g. Frances Haugen, that shows how Facebook and Instagram is taking advantage and even promoting Social Media Addiction for profit. Their  haviour should   fined and   st way users   react is probably to abandon those platforms. Another solution would   governments to intervene to  privacy and ethical issues that Facebook is currently ignoring.  difficulty is to control that Meta is compliant with those rules. Do you think an Algorithm Audit would   a help?\cb1 \
\cb3 So, Facebook loosing users is good news in my opinion but I think Meta won't get obsolete  cause they have a huge impact on social networks and most of users' friends are already on Metas platforms. It would need another successful platform independent from Meta growing fastly to convice them to switch. Also, Meta is very aggressively strategic about integrating other successful platforms features on their own ones. So,  unique selling point for other social media platforms is hard to convey to users if it is also available on Instagram. We might remem r Snapchat that got obsolete  cause Instagram just copied their features. Facebook might die or gets obsolete but Instagram is still growing. If we think about products' lifecycles   may change in  future (hopefully :-))\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_328587_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328587_1',%20$(%20'message_border._328587_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_328587_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328587_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._328587_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Facebook reports it's first ever drop in num r of users\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328817_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Facebook reports it's first ever drop in num r of users}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MATTHEW FORWARD
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 03   14:27\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Interesting Marie, in terms of products that Facebook is looking forward to for growth. One thing of note is their rebrand to meta for  obvious reasons of  Metaverse. If they are able to capitalize on  , then may  Facebook user subscription declining num rs do not affect them as much in  longer term with a new product lifecycle about to  gin with  Metaverse.\cb1 \
\cb3  Metaverse     interesting in itself incorporating social circles and seeing if it truly does  come an alternate universe.  big difference      tween itself and facebook is that we   potentially meet with these other people in social media and actually live communicate and potentially demonstrate visual emotions and / or body language. It     interesting to see how we     able to physically (essentially) have a worldwide social connection with people through  metaverse, instead of just static pictures/videos.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_328817_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328817_1',%20$(%20'message_border._328817_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_328817_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328817_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._328817_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Facebook reports it's first ever drop in num r of users\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329003_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Facebook reports it's first ever drop in num r of users}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  DEIVANAI ALAGAPPAN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 04   00:17\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Completely agree with you on   one, Matthew.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \cb3 I'm sure Meta it self   not   obselete but a social media legacy platform such as Facebook   create a lot of damage for Meta.  article I have shared in  thread regarding decline in Meta's stocks could   directly related to  loss of users on Facebook. So I guess we'll have to wait to watch what Meta's next step    . Any guesses?
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb3 And yes, I'm also excited for what Metaverse   to offer!\'a0
\fs26 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329003_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329003_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329003_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329003_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329003_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329003_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Facebook reports it's first ever drop in num r of users\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329002_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Facebook reports it's first ever drop in num r of users}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  DEIVANAI ALAGAPPAN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 04   00:11\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Well said, Marie!\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 It is true that Meta's platforms such as Instagram   continue to grow in  near future even if Facebook is obselete.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 However, I just came across   news article that says Meta's stocks slumped by a whopping 26%! So in a way,  decline of users on Meta's social platform, Facebook is affecting  market share of Meta on  whole.   is all very interesting and I  't wait to see how Meta attempts to get out of   one.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Link to article: https://www.businessinsider.com/meta-q4-earnings-largest-ever-one-day-wipeout-190-billion-2022-2?utm_source=reddit.com&r=US&IR=T\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329002_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329002_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329002_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329002_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329002_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329002_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Facebook reports it's first ever drop in num r of users\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330250_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Facebook reports it's first ever drop in num r of users}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  HONGJIN LU
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   22:22\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs32 \cf0 \cb3 I just noticed   news and it's really interesting. Mate (formerly Facebook) released  relevant data for  fourth fiscal year of 2021.   is  first time that Facebook   experienced a decline in active data. Does it indicate from one side that  social platform is showing an inflection point and going downward?
\f1\fs26 \cb1 \

\f2\fs32 \cb3 Although many people are still optimistic about Facebook, whether it is  slow update iteration within Facebook, or  impact of emerging platforms such as Tik Tok constantly eroding Facebook users, it is bad news for Facebook.After all,  Facebook metaverse is still a long story, and Apple's privacy policy shock and slow user growth are  conundrums that are now in front of it.So I think   might   a prediction of where   giant platform is going in  future?
\f1\fs26 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330250_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330250_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330250_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330250_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330250_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330250_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Facebook reports it's first ever drop in num r of users\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332206_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Facebook reports it's first ever drop in num r of users}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  ZIAD ZEIN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   17:06\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thank for sharing   article Deiv! I have  en following   news for  past week and not only did facebook loose value of its stocks, \'a0however they are also loosing active users.   could    result of multiple reasons at once,  rise of  MetaVerse. is causing dramatic changes to  social media world where a new technogical generation is evolving. In addition to that, users have  en more active on other social media platforms such as Tiktok and Instagram where  gap of competitivness  tween Facebook and  other 2 platforms is increasing exponentially. Also, an article by   on Vox emp izes on how Apple   also introduced and implemented highly advanced advertising machine learning platforms and changes in their operating systems. Link     found here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.vox.com/recode/22929715/facebook-apple-ads-meta-privacy"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.vox.com/recode/22929715/facebook-apple-ads-meta-privacy}}\cb1 \
\cb3 So,  drop in Facebooks stocks and active users is  result of many reasons accumalted together, however  interesting part is here! How   Facebook arise to  challenges and what startegies are they going to implement to get back on  rise again? Or is it finally time for Facebook to slowly come to an end?!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332206_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332206_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332206_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332206_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332206_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332206_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328594_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MARIE SCH\'dcRMANN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 03   10:53\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hey everybody,\cb1 \
\cb3 Two days ago I watched  Blackmirror episode "Nosedive" (S3 E1)\'a0on Netflix. It deals with Social Media Analytics and  impact on  society.\cb1 \
\cb3 Let me give you a brief introduction of  episode's key points, even if I would recommend watching it:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 episode takes place in a world completely dependend on social media.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
An app - that seems to   a mixture of common social media apps  Instagram, U r and Tripadvisor - lets people rate each others' interactions, e.g. saying good morning in  elevator, and photo or video posts on a scale out of 5 stars. In  episode a world is shown where nobody wants to confront each other  cause they fear to   rated low.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Everybody   an eye\'a0implant which lets them see other people's ratings, even of strangers on  street.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 majority of  people are thriving to get a high rating (at  st over 4.5) which is desireable  cause it gives you access and discounts on everyday activities, e.g. you   only purc e a plane ticket if your rating is above 4.2. People with lower ratings ( low 3) are avoided and considered as dangerous.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 main character Lacie Pound (rated a 4.2) wants to rent a luxury apartment which she  not afford.  landlord gives her  option to have a 20% discount if she could raise her rating to a 4.5. Lacie is obsessed and addicted with her rating and tries to please everybody around her.  rest of  episode shows Lacies desperate attempts to raise her rating to afford   apartment.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I   not spoiler you  end just in case you want to watch it :-)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 It still keeps me thinking if  reality they are describing is just a dystopia or if our society is heading towards it. We already have influencers who get discounts for products and services that are not available to non-influencers. Also, many people rely on their self-esteem depending on their social media likes and num r of followers. We are already rating every taxi drive, every shop on Google, etc. Do you think we   start rating our friends and co-workers?\cb1 \
\cb3 Also I am curious if it is realistic to create such an application that could control  whole society? Wouldn't people revolt against those rules? What do you think?\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_328594_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328594_1',%20$(%20'message_border._328594_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_328594_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_328594_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._328594_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329348_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  ASHISH JHA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf8 \cb9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs18 \cf2 INSTRUCTOR
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf8 \'a0
\f0\b\fs18 \cf2 MANAGER
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 05   20:52\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3   is indeed interesting and frightening prospect for many.\cb1 \
\cb3 However many aspects of our lives are slowly already  ing controlled by various factors -\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- Credit ratings in USA , for instance, are very important in getting jobs, rentals etc.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 - Your social media posts may in future impact  way your credit worthiness is analyzed.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 My point is, we may never know when we  come  black mirror society bit by bit. But preserving our core values   help us resist.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329348_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329348_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329348_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329348_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329348_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329348_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329394_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MICHAEL SCHOLZ
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 06   14:10\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 I agree, and mostly said  same  low I just realised.\cb1 \
\cb3 However, I wonder if those core values you mention     eroded generation by generation by new apps. Most societies have a mechanism (social norms) built in to encourage good  haviour and discourage bad.  app  low or similar social media measures seem to   an extension in light of  rising absence of top-down religious (Nietzsche's "God is Dead" example) or governmental values. " cel culture" is one of  newest manifistations and argubaly goes against a core value such as foregiveness (may  not everywhere), and it relies on social media. It might not   true for all countries, but current developments seem to suggest that core values   indeed   eroded, making such apps possible. Not saying that it is an inevitable outcome, but certainly very possible.\'a0 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329394_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329394_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329394_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329394_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329394_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329394_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329390_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MICHAEL SCHOLZ
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 06   13:51\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 I think   episode may seem exaggerated, but not far from our capability of reaching.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 I agree that in many ways, we have similar concepts,  followers and likes. In fact, we used to even have, on MySpace, a ranking of your top friends. When we were in school,   was used to show appreciation of our closest friends, but also frustration with certain people, who got bumped down  list. I remem r that   was definitely a dangerous social media concept, and am glad that that feature doesn't exist in current social media platforms.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 However, I do think that ratings could come back. From  top down government perspective or B2C, we already get certain rankings,  a credit score (I think Ashish mentioned it  low) or even  U r rating. These affect our lives and are not superficial. It is not crazy to think, that we   have something similar to  episode, as it could start as something else and then snowball:\cb1 \
\cb3 Example: Someone comes up with an app to encourage random acts of kindness, then evolves over time into pressuring people into doing good things to maintain a good score.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 I think that  episode above skipped  conception of such an app, where "snowballing" or slow acquiescence is probably how as a society we would miss such an app from  coming status quo. And once it is, it's very difficult to "revolt".\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329390_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329390_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329390_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329390_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329390_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329390_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330635_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  KENECHUKWU NWANA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 11   11:53\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3  thin line  tween social media and its huge effect   already  en crossed. Some in a very good way, some in a bad way. Reminds me of  movie "Social Dilemma" that shows  mindblowing effects these apps have on us.\cb1 \
\cb3 Creating an app that could control  world? Well about  world itself, not too sure but honestly that possibilty might not   too far away. It could start from something very minute and boom!  rage about it is all over  place and everyone is either talking about it or using it. Trends in social media keep evolving and what might have  en something to look past turns into something one  't just ignore.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330635_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330635_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330635_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330635_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330635_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330635_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329446_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  POONAM SHIVAJI PATIL
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 06   19:07\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Interesting observations Marie. Companies have started vetting social media profiles of potential hires, peoples identities and abilities are now  ing judged by their profiles. With Meta, Sandbox, Decentraland all pushing towards creating different Metaverses and brands and companies buying digital land worth millions to engage customers in those worlds, a digital future where people spend more time than in real life looks almost inescapable.\cb1 \
\cb3 With  concept of NFT's brands and companies are already creating digital assets that   traverse both  digital and real life making it harder to separate them both.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://medium.com/humanizing-the-singularity/breaking-open-the-metaverse-with-real-world-asset-nfts-dccb00251fdf)"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://medium.com/humanizing-the-singularity/breaking-open-the-metaverse-with-real-world-asset-nfts-dccb00251fdf)}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cnbc.com/2022/02/01/metaverse-real-estate-sales-top-500-million-metametric-solutions-says.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \ul \ulc5 https://www.cnbc.com/2022/02/01/metaverse-real-estate-sales-top-500-million-metametric-solutions-says.html}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 You   also watch  movie Ready Player One which shows  future these companies are trying to build.  only way to avoid   would   if people educate themselves about  future implications of these trends and proactively limit  value we associate with these platforms.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329446_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329446_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329446_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329446_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329446_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329446_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330254_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  HONGJIN LU
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   22:34\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb3 Haha, in fact I seem to have seen similar movies or TV series on Tik Tok, it seems that in  end  protagonist realizes that  scoring mechanism should not limit his choices.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb3 I also think that  online scoring mechanism is a common and highly positive bias, although   scoring mechanism   little impact on us now,  cause consumers are not passive recipients, but actively and actively interpret  scoring mechanism from different dimensions , assess its usefulness and credibility, but if  future is a society with social rankings, that's really worrying ( {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.kaspersky.com/blog/social-scoring-systems/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.kaspersky.com/blog/social-scoring-systems/}} ). I think   also further highlights  importance of some data privacy protections
\fs26 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330254_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330254_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330254_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330254_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330254_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330254_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330293_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  ANUSHREE KHANDELWAL
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   01:49\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hey, I really enjoyed watching   episode. I wonder\'a0how come I never encountered   show on Netflix.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Crazy concept but totally relatable infact  notion is  ing leveraged by almost everywhere where people are  ing judged by their social network platform personalities.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 It's quite a topic of debate as   is really demeaning  self esteem of people. I wonder as you said if we start rating our near and dear ones, how   things  !!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330293_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330293_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330293_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330293_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330293_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330293_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330301_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MARIE SCH\'dcRMANN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   09:30\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thanks for sharing your views, everybody! After reading  article Hongjin posted I further researched on existing social score systems and found especially  Chinese governments system very interesting.   seems to    governmental top-down approach Michael mentioned.\cb1 \
\cb3  Social Credit System in China rates companies and individuals based on their  haviour. As far as I am informed, it is a voluntary system by now but with a possibility that it     mandatory for everyone.\'a0Punishments for bad scorings include banning of flights and travel or  ing denied from high-ranked universities. Just  in   Blackmirror episode, good scores     rewarded.\cb1 \
\cb3 As we have Chinese students in our programme it would   nice to hear from their perspective if it is only hyped up in  European media, especially  cause  EU is very strict with GDPR laws, or if it is really something that impacts Chinese lives?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330301_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330301_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330301_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330301_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330301_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330301_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330633_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Blackmirror's "Nosedive": Dystopia or our future reality?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  RITU SHAHRAWAT
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 11   11:53\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thank you Marie for sharing  .   is indeed an engrossing topic.\cb1 \
\cb3 I have just started watching  series and its quite disheartening as well to see that how badly social media is impacting people's lives and how our society is heading towards it.  world of social media   already created a need to create a fa\'e7ade of constant happiness and joy, where you judge yourself by everyone else's artificial persona, and feel pressured to create your own and If we'll start rating our friends or co-workers, that would   a really worrying situation.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330633_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330633_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330633_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330633_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330633_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330633_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329511_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  DEIVANAI ALAGAPPAN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 07   08:40\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.cityam.com/mark-zuckerberg-and-team-consider-shutting-down-facebook-and-instagram-in-europe-if-meta-can-not-process-europeans-data-on-us-servers/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15600 \cf0 \cb3 Mark Zucker rg and team consider shutting down Facebook and Instagram in Europe if Meta   not process Europeans' data on US servers\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 If Meta is not given  option to transfer, store and process data from its European users on US-based servers, Facebook and Instagram may   shut down\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 CityAM\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3   is huge! Meta is making threats to shutdown Facebook and Instagram across Europe as it is said to   violating  EU regulations.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Meta claims it must shut down it's signifi t products and services in EU if not allowed to collect and process Europeans users' data in US servers due to  privacy regulations in EU.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Also, take a look a  Irish case which claims Meta isn't complying with GDPR. An investigation   commenced to look into  .\cb1 \
\cb3 What do you all think?   Meta actually stop their services to  Europeans?   you live in a world without Instagram?!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329511_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329511_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329511_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329511_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329511_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329511_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329734_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  VISHNURAM TP
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 07   22:16\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Interesting, similar statements were made by Twitter and Facebook in early 2021 in India, when  Indian government enacted new regulations,stating failure to comply would result in these firms losing their status and protection as intermediaries and making them liable for criminal action on\'a0any content shared by their users on these platforms. However, nothing of that sorts happened.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Meta, in particular, is not in a position to lose any further users, given its already dwindling user base on platforms  Facebook and growing competition to Instagram from TikTok. So if  EU pushes them,   would just end up  ing yet another fine print on  term and conditions that we blindly consent to.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 From my limited understanding of GDPR, all  rules protecting personal information continue to apply regardless of where  data is stored or transferred. So I'm not sure how limiting  physical location of data storage changes anything.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329734_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329734_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329734_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329734_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329734_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329734_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329771_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MICHAEL SCHOLZ
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 08   10:16\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 I agree with Vishnu, Meta is not in a position to lose  European market. These are empty threats, perhaps to gain  sympathy of  public, which may fear losing access to Facebook and Instagram. It's not a bad tactic, as anecdotally GDPR rules are seen by many as over-the-top, e.g. annoyance at  cookies messages when entering a website.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Meta   have to adapt to  rules. A lot     said about  incompetence of  EU, but I think when it comes to data privacy, it is one of  leading organisations protecting consumers'/users' rights, and I am in full support of  EU putting such pressure on  company. "Shutting down" threats are most likely a well calculated bluff.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329771_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329771_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329771_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329771_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329771_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329771_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329775_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MATTHEW FORWARD
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 08   10:29\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 I agree with Michael and Vishnu that Meta won't   wanting to use that many users across  EU. However when does feasability  come a concern? If they aren't able to generate any revenue off of customers due to clamping down on data sharing, and providing advertisers with signifi t value then why should they provide a service that they     losing money on?\cb1 \
\cb3 I agree that  EU privacy laws are leading across  world, my one question is when does public sentiment swing from privacy driven, to understanding that fundamentally they need these social networks to communicate across socail groups. When Meta's servers went down in  fall of 2021, there was major business and consumer impact across  glo . So if privacy advocates want to keep pushing for more restrictions where Facebook and marketers aren't able to generate income on their service then there probably     consumer pushback, as even though user growth   platoed, its well into  billions.\cb1 \
\cb3  question at  end of  day - and its hard to know since Meta is a private company - is when is not worth it for them to keep providing a service with all these data restrictions and regulations? Where is  break even line or  profitability line.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Ultimately it   come down to public sentiment, Meta   try to influence one way, and privacy advocates  other; currently its tilting towards privacy concerns, but I am curious how far it   go  fore  public opinion realises  potential of what they are losing.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329775_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329775_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329775_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329775_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329775_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329775_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330121_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  KENECHUKWU NWANA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   14:06\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Yes,  EU   given priority to protecting users' rights and honeslty, Meta for  most part of its existence   always  en c ing profit. So saying they want to pull out from  EU is a complete ruse!\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 At  end of  day, a business is a business and they  't   looking at a potential loss in their faces and still choose to ignore  risks that comes with   if all it takes is to just adhere to EU's strict compliance.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330121_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330121_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330121_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330121_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330121_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330121_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329822_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  RITU SHAHRAWAT
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 08   13:30\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Absolutely. I agree Meta  not intimidate  EU into giving up its data protection standards as leaving  EU would   their loss. Meta and many other organizations rely on data transfer  tween  EU and  U.S. to operate their global services. In 2020, Ireland's Protection Commission   sent an order to Facebook to stop transmitting  data from  EU to  U.S. Ireland's Data Protection Commission is expected to issue its final decision in  first half of 2022 which I think is going to   a big return to Meta's threat.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329822_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329822_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329822_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329822_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329822_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329822_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330115_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  KENECHUKWU NWANA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   13:45\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 If they are threatening  EU and if it ever goes through, wouldn't there   losses on both ends? If they want to stop operations in  EU, i mean lots of businesses   suffer  consequences and Meta loses users' data that it's  en pushing for.\cb1 \
\cb3 I agree with  french finance minister on his comment on   stating that  EU is actually a big internal market with alot of economic power that and if there is unity on their stance on privacy laws and transfer of users data and whatnot, Meta's flimsy threats     swept under  rug. Although  Vishnu   rightly said, if Meta is pushed to  wall,   issue   roll back to consent policies that we,  users   eventually have to agree to if we want to keep using Meta's services and lowkey, we actually do.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330115_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330115_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330115_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330115_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330115_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330115_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330255_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  HONGJIN LU
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   22:40\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Considering  rhetoric of shutting down is obviously a ruse, does   also mean that GDPR does threaten  invasion of personal privacy by big companies? In addition, if Facebook does eventually withdraw from  EU, it may really affect  social ecology in  short term, but in  long run, it may also promote  generation and development of  local social software ecological chain.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330255_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330255_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330255_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330255_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330255_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330255_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330280_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  PENGFEI JI
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   23:50\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 I think Meta won't shut down  Facebook and instagram, at least   is not going to happen in short term. There is a dilemma that both Meta and EU have their reason to do what they want in terms of  data privicy issue, and by now no any explicit solution or agreement occurred, which means that   case is commplex and probably requires much time  years to figure out, whatever  result is going to  ,  new data protection framework should   created and deployed as soon as possiible, which is undoubtedly helpful not only for people's data privacy protection but also for  multinational business.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330280_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330280_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330280_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330280_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330280_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330280_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330440_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  LINWEI SHI
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   15:56\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 I agree with steven that meta won\'92t shut down  facebook and instagram in a short period. Instagram is  perfect channel to reach an enormous audience \'96 over 1 billion active users monthly. On average, users spend 53 minutes per day on Instagram, which makes   platform  second most visted social network after Facebook.especially a lot influencers use insta to profit from it.strengthen their brand, bring them a  ing-to-buy audience, and keep them engaged with business.So insta and facebook influence a lot not only  company but also  user around  world. EU is also a huge market, I don't think meta   shut down their business in europe at least in a short term.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330440_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330440_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330440_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330440_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330440_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330440_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331282_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Meta is considering shutting down Facebook and Instagram across Europe}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MARIE SCH\'dcRMANN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 14   08:35\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Meta is not going to leave Europe  cause they would loose an important market. Even if Facebook is shrinking in num rs, they need   market leader position to introduce  future Metaverse. Also, Meta announced in a statement a few days back that media is lying that they threatened to leave  EU and they never meant it that way. It was empty threats  we all expected and I think  whole attention did not well on Meta's reputation in Europe.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://about.fb.com/news/2022/02/meta-is-absolutely-not-threatening-to-leave-europe/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15600 \cf0 \cb3 Meta Is Absolutely Not Threatening to Leave Europe | Meta\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Meta is not wanting or \'93threatening\'94 to leave Europe and any reporting that implies we do is simply not true.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Meta\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331282_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331282_1',%20$(%20'message_border._331282_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331282_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331282_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._331282_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 LinkedIn Network Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329746_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 LinkedIn Network Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  VISHNURAM TP
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 08   00:03\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 I used Python to create a quick visualization of my LinkedIn network and connections, which I thought was somewhat relevant to our module. I'm sharing my results along with  code here and look forward to seeing yours. Give   a try; it may also help you  tter channel your energy when looking for employment opportunities or even help you identify gaps in your network.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Find source code: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/vish-nu-ram/LinkedIn_Connection_Analysis"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://github.com/vish-nu-ram/LinkedIn_Connection_Analysis}}\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I've followed  following article to create  : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://towardsdatascience.com/what-does-linkedin-know-about-you-81cd65c69cb"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://towardsdatascience.com/what-does-linkedin-know-about-you-81cd65c69cb}}\cb1 \
\cb3 Steps to download  required data as a CSV:\cb1 \
\cb3 Visit linkedin.com:\cb1 \
\cb3 Navigate to : > me > settings and privacy > How LinkedIn uses your data > Getting a copy of your data > tick "Connections" under "Want something in particular" > Download archive\cb1 \
\cb3 You   get an email in about 10-15 minutes when  file is available for download. Place  .csv file in  same folder as your .ipynb file and run  code.\cb1 \
\uc0\u8232 \cb3 I'm happy to help set up JuPyter notebooks for anyone who doesn't know how to.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb3 Attachment:
\f1\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/courses/1/BU7147-202122/db/_329746_1/LinkedIn-Connection-Plots.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \'a0LinkedIn-Connection-Plots.pdf}} (436.837 KB)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329746_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329746_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329746_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329746_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329746_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329746_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 LinkedIn Network Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329754_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: LinkedIn Network Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  ASHISH JHA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf8 \cb9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs18 \cf2 INSTRUCTOR
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf8 \'a0
\f0\b\fs18 \cf2 MANAGER
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf8 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 08   07:52\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3   is definitely relevant Vishnu\cb1 \
\cb3   kind of analysis is useful at personal level and much more at corporate level if you are trying to promote your brand/company etc.\cb1 \
\cb3 Good work\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329754_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329754_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329754_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329754_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329754_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329754_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 LinkedIn Network Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329774_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: LinkedIn Network Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MICHAEL SCHOLZ
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 08   10:25\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi Vishnu,\cb1 \
\cb3   definitely try  .\cb1 \
\cb3 Also reminds of me of  work that     down with personal Google locations data with R: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://medium.com/geekculture/explore-your-activity-on-google-with-r-how-to-analyze-and-visualize-your-location-history-2ea8edabe733"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://medium.com/geekculture/explore-your-activity-on-google-with-r-how-to-analyze-and-visualize-your-location-history-2ea8eda 733}}\cb1 \
\cb3 I tried a different method  fore to generate a heat map, but it didn't work, though that was a at  start of learning R, so I might try it again.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329774_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329774_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329774_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329774_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329774_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329774_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 LinkedIn Network Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329838_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: LinkedIn Network Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  VISHNURAM TP
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 08   14:36\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3   WAS in fact inspired by what you mentioned and  discussion we had recently regarding analyzing personal data collected by social media platforms.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 We should brainstorm more often! XD\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329838_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329838_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329838_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329838_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329838_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329838_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 LinkedIn Network Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329827_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: LinkedIn Network Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  RITU SHAHRAWAT
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 08   13:50\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Wow, Vishnu.   is really captivating.\cb1 \
\cb3 I'll definitely try  .\cb1 \
\cb3 Thank you for sharing.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329827_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329827_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329827_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329827_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329827_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329827_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 LinkedIn Network Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329842_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: LinkedIn Network Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  VISHNURAM TP
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 08   14:46\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Great! Do post your results if you don't mind, I'm interested to see how each of our professional networks differ, even though we are all doing  same course.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329842_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329842_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329842_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329842_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329842_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329842_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 LinkedIn Network Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330655_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: LinkedIn Network Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  KENECHUKWU NWANA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 11   13:31\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi Vishnu, i'm definitely interested in  . Asides  general "insights" LinkedIn shows me, i don't exactly have a deep understanding of what my network and connections looks like. I followed  steps to download my data and to see what i   derive from it using jupyter. Let's touch base offline for sure!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330655_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330655_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330655_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330655_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330655_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330655_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 LinkedIn Network Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330694_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: LinkedIn Network Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  VISHNURAM TP
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 11   15:05\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Note:  piece of code might not work if  downloaded CSV file   additional headers or information  fore  table. Do remove those so that  csv file starts with  actual tabular data. i.e Following Header:\cb1 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clcbpat10 \clwWidth1840\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clpadt80 \clpadl80 \clpadb80 \clpadr80 \gaph\cellx1440
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1580\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clpadt80 \clpadl80 \clpadb80 \clpadr80 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2020\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clpadt80 \clpadl80 \clpadb80 \clpadr80 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4360\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clpadt80 \clpadl80 \clpadb80 \clpadr80 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6040\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clpadt80 \clpadl80 \clpadb80 \clpadr80 \gaph\cellx7200
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1380\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf11 \clpadt80 \clpadl80 \clpadb80 \clpadr80 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \cb3 First Name
\f1\b0\fs26 \cb1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \cb3 Last Name
\f1\fs26 \cb1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \cb3 Email Address
\f1\fs26 \cb1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \cb3 Company
\f1\fs26 \cb1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \cb3 Position
\f1\fs26 \cb1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \cb3 Connected On
\f1\fs26 \cb1 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Please delete anything above  , as  code I shared above won't handle that.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330694_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330694_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330694_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330694_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330694_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330694_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 LinkedIn Network Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332187_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: LinkedIn Network Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MARIE SCH\'dcRMANN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   16:51\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi Vishnu,\cb1 \
\cb3 thanks for sharing  !\cb1 \
\cb3 After I have now finally installed Jupyter Notebook (thanks to  tutorial session today), I tried your code and analysed my connections. Really interesting to see when I actively started to look for a job and when I started connecting with others from our course.\cb1 \
\cb3 My main connections are still from Audit though. So, I definitely could identify a gap in my connections. In  next months, I try to diversify my connections, i.e. (Business) Analytics.\cb1 \
\cb3 Also, I might experiment a bit more in Python to summarise job groups and employers. For example, I have a lot of connections working in Audit as Consultant or Senior Consultant but as each of  Big Four and their branches in different countries have different job titles, data is not very clean. Also, some of my colleagues used "Deloitte Germany" and other only "Deloitte".   could   a good start to learn more Data Manipulation in Python.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb3 Attachment:
\f1\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/courses/1/BU7147-202122/db/_332187_1/LinkedIn-Connection-Plots.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \'a0LinkedIn-Connection-Plots.pdf}} (522.369 KB)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332187_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332187_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332187_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332187_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332187_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332187_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 LinkedIn Network Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332758_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: LinkedIn Network Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  VISHNURAM TP
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 16   21:24\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 That is true, Even I have 3 Deloittes in my top 6  cause of  exact same issue you mentioned. May  we should do some data preparation by aggregating these together into one entity.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I have to say that our networks do have a lot in common, at least in terms of industry and domain. Thank you for sharing :)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332758_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332758_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332758_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332758_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332758_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332758_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Messenger Encryption\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329764_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Messenger Encryption}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  JACK COSGROVE
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 08   09:45\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.theverge.com/2022/1/27/22904650/meta-facebook-messenger-end-to-end-encryption-chat-video-call"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15600 \cf0 \cb3 Messenger\'92s end-to-end encrypted chats and calls are available to everyone\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3  encrypted chats detect when you take a screenshot.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3  Verge\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Meta   revamped end-to-end encryption on their messenger platform by allowing users to use Vanish mode, which encrypts messages and calls without restricting features with hopes to have E2EE by default next year. It also includes a screenshot feature that shows when you have screenshotted a chat similar to Snapchat.\cb1 \
\cb3 Zucker rg   acknowledged Apple's latest operating system   privacy features hurting  company as $220 billion of market value was wiped from Meta on 03/01/22.\cb1 \
\cb3   E2EE and a move towards privacy   enough to convince users to stay on  platform? With an already damaged reputation in terms of user privacy, it     interesting to see what happens from here!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329764_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329764_1',%20$(%20'message_border._329764_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_329764_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_329764_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._329764_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Messenger Encryption\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330248_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Messenger Encryption}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MOHIT GANESH RATHOD
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   22:13\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Facebook and Instagram are not completely E2EE and these way it may   easy for facebook to monitor over online scams. After finding out any suspicious activities on its platform, a team examines  profile manually and take  action accordingly. Once it  come completely E2EE process, facebook may not   able to monitor  users and catch  criminal activities. As much as E2EE is important for user privacy, at  same time catching scams and keeping users' profile safe is also very much important. Following are  links which shows  other issues facebook   on its platform:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.walshcollege.edu/blog/facebook-scams-blog"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \ul \ulc5 4 Common Facebook Scams and How to Avoid Them}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://indianexpress.com/article/technology/tech-news-technology/facebook-messenger-instagram-to-only-get-end-to-end-encryption-by-2023-heres-why/"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15600 \cf0 \cb3 Facebook Messenger, Instagram to only get end-to-end encryption by 2023: Here\'92s why\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Facebook Messenger and Instagram   only get end-to-end encryption by default in 2023, according to  company.   is a delay on  original timeline of 2022.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3  Indian Express\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330248_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330248_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330248_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330248_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330248_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330248_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Messenger Encryption\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330270_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Messenger Encryption}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MICHAEL SCHOLZ
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   23:17\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi both,\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Very interesting counter point by Mohit on catching scams and overall governance of crime. However, I do think that when it comes to online communication,  future   to full E2EE or something similar. As much as monitoring     used as an argument, in light of poltical interference discourse in  US elections and UK Brexit debates, I disagree that private chats and calls should ever   accessible by governments or companies. There are already alternatives in Signal and Telegram who provide E2EE communication, and if Facebook/Whatsapp/Instagram (same thing) does not join full-heartedly, it's going to have issues retaining num rs;  public is  coming more privacy conscious.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 In my opinion, it's a slippery slope argument to say that private chats and calls should   accessible for "safety" or "monitoring criminal activity" purposes. While I understand  pros of  argument, there are other avenues to investigate crime, and access to private communication should    last avenue, if at all.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330270_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330270_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330270_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330270_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330270_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330270_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Messenger Encryption\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330283_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Messenger Encryption}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  AKISHA SINGH
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   00:08\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb3 I agree with Michael that online communication should   E2EE as people are giving importance to E2EE and apps  Signal have seen a signifi t increase in their user base  cause of E2EE. Meta    en lately pressurized by child safety groups  cause a million reports were made in  US in 2020 about child sexual abuse material  ing exchanged on social media. There is speculation that these reports could   lost every year if end-to-end encryption is rolled out more widely. Now, when E2EE is one of  ways for users to communicate safely, they have to come up with a different solution altogether for monitoring criminal activities.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330283_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330283_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330283_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330283_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330283_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330283_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Text Mining for Classification\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330147_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Text Mining for Classification}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  SHAGUN NARULA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   15:34\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://towardsdatascience.com/text-classification-in-python-dd95d264c802"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15600 \cf0 \cb3 Text Classification in Python\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Learn to build a text classification model in Python\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Miguel Fern\'e1ndez Zafra\cb1 \
\cb3 Medium\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi all,\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 I just wanted to share my experience of working on NLP in python.\cb1 \
\cb3 I had used NLP to solve a text classification problem and I used   blog as a guide. We learnt in Nicholas's class how to use KNN for  classification of "structured" data, here I had used KNN along with NLP to classify my "unstructured" (text/string) data.   blog     very useful to understand  application of text mining after today's social media class.\cb1 \
\cb3 PS. Towards Data Science is   st blog that publishes everything and anything related to analytics. Do check it out.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Shagun\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330147_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330147_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330147_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330147_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330147_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330147_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Text Mining for Classification\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330259_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Text Mining for Classification}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  HONGJIN LU
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   22:51\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thanks a lot, I've always found NLP to   very tedious and complex and prone to errors.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you want to write code and run it yourself, I also recommend  course on natural language processing on datacamp, which I also find very helpful.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330259_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330259_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330259_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330259_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330259_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330259_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Text Mining for Classification\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330779_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Text Mining for Classification}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  SHAGUN NARULA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 11   17:09\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 I absolutely agree. I worked on   project for 3 months and at max got 40% accuracy. That was mainly  cause my classifiers where 800 distinct roles and these models work  st with at max 20-30 classifiers.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3  800 classifier could work  tter if  training dataset would have  en very large. I had around 20k rows of data which is actually less.\cb1 \
\cb3 Shagun\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330779_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330779_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330779_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330779_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330779_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330779_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Text Mining for Classification\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330260_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Text Mining for Classification}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MICHAEL SCHOLZ
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   22:51\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thanks Shagun, nice to see that what we learned last semester     applied to text analysis and natural language processing. Is there a specific example from work (without using confidential info) that you   share? Was it customers and sales, or products, or other information that you analysed?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330260_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330260_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330260_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330260_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330260_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330260_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Text Mining for Classification\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330776_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Text Mining for Classification}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  SHAGUN NARULA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 11   16:55\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 So I was trying to automate a step in  firm;s proprietary model.  mapping process when done manually used to take 2 days minimum.\cb1 \
\cb3 I have elaborate  project in  comments  low. :)\cb1 \
\cb3 Shagun\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330776_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330776_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330776_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330776_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330776_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330776_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Text Mining for Classification\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330282_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Text Mining for Classification}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  LINWEI SHI
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   00:03\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thanks shagun.that's really helpful.especially for me , I only knew KNN solving  structured data and it's really important to choose K value to get   tter result.  michael mentioned , is there a specific example you   share? that would   great for me to learn KNN\'a0 with NLP to classify text data.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330282_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330282_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330282_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330282_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330282_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330282_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Text Mining for Classification\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330416_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Text Mining for Classification}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  SHAGUN NARULA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   15:05\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi,\cb1 \
\cb3 Glad you all found it interesting.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Here was my 
\f0\b problem
\f1\b0 : Every company   it's own list of job titles that they use within their organisation. For example, an accountant   either   called "financial analyst", "Chartetered Accountant", "Auditors", "Cost/General Accountant", "Auditor", etc. My job was to create an machine learning algorithm which could automatically classify all these different job titles as "accountants/ auditors".\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3    we had 800 unique roles. Objective was to automatically classify various titles into these 800 standardised roles.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \cb3 Input data
\f1\b0 : I had a huge dataset of la lled data (  dataset was created by my team mem r by manually mapping job titles to these 800 roles) that had almost all  different job titles that exist today and were classified into 800 unique titles (supervised learning). So for each of  new job title,  answer could any one of  800 unique titles.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3  manual mapping time would take us about 2 days and we could map around 300 roles. To reduce   mapping time we decided to create an algorithm.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \cb3 Solution
\f1\b0 : I used  following steps: 1. Data cleaning which includes removing stop words, punctuations, stemming, etc,. 2. Made sure that data is not biased for few of  classifiers. 3. Vectorization: I used word count instead of TF-IDF as input data were at max had 5-6 words. 4. splitting data into train and test 5. Model application: I used KNN and hypertuned  parameters to get   st results.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 I got a 40% accuracy in   model.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Hope   helps.\cb1 \
\cb3 Shagun Narula\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330416_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330416_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330416_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330416_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330416_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330416_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Text Mining for Classification\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330601_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Text Mining for Classification}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  VISHNURAM TP
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 11   10:14\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Fascinating how these text analyses convert it to a structured format that enables us to apply other analytical tools as you mentioned.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 What exactly do you mean by a word count vector? What comes to my mind is a matrix with  job titles as rows and all unique words as columns, where you have a count every time a word appears in  job title. But since you have already removed stop words( In   scenario I  lieve words  senior, junior, analyst, associate, executive, etc are stop words and say nothing about your role but only seniority) I  't imagine having job titles having more than 2-3 words, and definitely not words repeating in a Job title.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Wouldn't that just result in a vector that looks 
\f6\i almost
\f1\i0   a one-hot-encoded matrix? If what I assumed so far is correct, KNN would perform poorly on such sparse and high dimensional data as euclidian distance would convey very little about similarity or differences.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Correct me if I'm terribly wrong\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f7\fs56 \cf12 \cb3 \uc0\u55358 \u56596 
\f3\b \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330601_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330601_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330601_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330601_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330601_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330601_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Text Mining for Classification\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330772_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Text Mining for Classification}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  SHAGUN NARULA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 11   16:45\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thank you for your question, Vishnu. Happy to see that you are interested in knowing  mechanism.\cb1 \
\cb3 So there is no matrix. Stop words only included "the", "and", punctuations, etc. In fact, "junior", "senior", "analyst" are extremely important in determining  job category. So I   explain you with an example how I did it. For example,  job title is "Assistant to  Manager"\cb1 \
\cb3 1. Removing "to" and "the" (stop words) gives us "Assistant Manager".\cb1 \
\cb3 2. Using ngrams= 1 and 2 I   get: "Assistant Manager", "Assistant" and\'a0 "Manager".\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 3 Now  algo   read  training dataset. It   check for each of  ngrams and for example it is "assistant". It   try to find within  training dataset that which job category got mapped to  word "assistant"\'a0  maximum num r of times.   is what I did for word vector count.\'a0\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 4. Now I would look into clusters/groups I would say (KNN) wherein wherever word "Assistant" is there, what is  mapped (value that is already fed into  model as training data)\'a0 value/ centroid.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 5. I generated 3  st answers for   role.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Here is  code in python if in case you want to try it out using KNN : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/miguelfzafra/Latest-News-Classifier/blob/master/0.%20Latest%20News%20Classifier/04.%20Model%20Training/08.%20MT%20-%20KNN.ipynb"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://github.com/miguelfzafra/Latest-News-Classifier/blob/master/0.%20Latest%20News%20Classifier/04.%20Model%20Training/08.%20MT%20-%20KNN.ipynb}}\cb1 \
\cb3 Shagun Narula\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330772_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330772_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330772_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330772_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330772_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330772_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Ability for Social Media Sentiment to Affect  Stock Market\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330153_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Ability for Social Media Sentiment to Affect  Stock Market}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MATTHEW FORWARD
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   15:53\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://globalnews.ca/news/8534763/social-media-has-changed-the-stock-market-game-why-regulators-are-paying-attention/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15600 \cf0 \cb3 Social media   changed  stock market game. Why regulators are paying attention | Globalnews.ca\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Social media    come a new source for buzz on stocks, especially for young, inexperienced investors, resulting in online fraud awareness campaigns by regulators.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Global News\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 After reading and watching  affects of social media on stocks, think GameStop, AMC, cryptos etc. I was interested in  impacts of social media sentiment trends on a stock and its effect on its stock price.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Additionally there was a study from 2007 study that concluded that there is  ability to make a return by  tting short term based off stock sentiment on social media. You   see that study here:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://d1wqtxts1xzle7.cloudfront.net/51310263/TETLOCK_Giving_Content_to_Investor_Sentiment_2007-with-cover-page-v2.pdf?Expires=1644424650&Signature=LDcNkBhj1cBZK7rgktlZm0jULM5HisqGYggahc67~iX2CPy1yflR5Cod7rDqQLa1SustNx3nYf~m9WKdAQxRH-RWaNRyKg3XuEt4tx7yVs4oaEYg1bKG67SqLxkFshH7N9ucD6-okoZKKvWG2iuExw91A5r~fAISgt3nifkEFQUsqWHIFzWjmriz~YDV7kg-8IwYRRd9tl6U68N7B10OJn2GPBqlbTNVWqMrCgf7fTEjch0ICxEAoXuFNb8ftM3AeWArLeWI74RYn2QVJg4xMz8DVYSKaDAmeMeXzBbjSszNIpMsgfod7B3dvWoQ8-33GDto59dy4Q11uZ-nATFgAg__&Key-Pair-Id=APKAJLOHF5GGSLRBV4ZA"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \ul \ulc5 https://d1wqtxts1xzle7.cloudfront.net/51310263/TETLOCK_Giving_Content_to_Investor_Sentiment_2007-with-cover-page-v2.pdf?Expires=1644424650&Signature=LDcNkBhj1cBZK7rgktlZm0jULM5HisqGYggahc67~iX2CPy1yflR5Cod7rDqQLa1SustNx3nYf~m9WKdAQxRH-RWaNRyKg3XuEt4tx7yVs4oaEYg1bKG67SqLxkFshH7N9ucD6-okoZKKvWG2iuExw91A5r~fAISgt3nifkEFQUsqWHIFzWjmriz~YDV7kg-8IwYRRd9tl6U68N7B10OJn2GPBqlbTNVWqMrCgf7fTEjch0ICxEAoXuFNb8ftM3AeWArLeWI74RYn2QVJg4xMz8DVYSKaDAmeMeXzBbjSszNIpMsgfod7B3dvWoQ8-33GDto59dy4Q11uZ-nATFgAg__&Key-Pair-Id=APKAJLOHF5GGSLRBV4ZA}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 With that in mind I am interested if current firms use technology to really sample social media sites (twitter, reddit, fb etc) and find  trends in social media to capitilize on short term swings. Considering NLP   increased in power substantially since  late 2000's I imagine that we   more easily understand sentiment of normal investors on social media. Do we then analyze  volumes and other metrics to make short term determinations on whether to buy or sell a stock? Fascinating to see social media volumes affect a stock markets price, similar to measuring stock volumes  ing traded currently to make split second decision on whether to buy or sell stocks for day trading.\cb1 \
\cb3 Also more research would   interesting such as does   mostly affect stocks that are well known across twitter and common people - fb, apple, nike etc? Additionally, do stocks that are owned primarily by institutional investors (pensions funds, mutual funds) get impacted? or is it more stocks that are held by individual investors such as AMC/Gamestop. Interesting to think social media   have such an influence on market capitalization compared to actual raw financials. But that is  investor psychology  hind it - which   lots of literature in more detail in itsef.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330153_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330153_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330153_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330153_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330153_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330153_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Ability for Social Media Sentiment to Affect  Stock Market\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330256_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Ability for Social Media Sentiment to Affect  Stock Market}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  PENGFEI JI
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   22:43\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thank you, Mathew, such an unique perspective article. Indeed, there is a shift or trend that increasing people especially young people started to invest their money into stock market for getting more financial  nefits during  COVID-19 pandemic, and  cause of  stringent lockdown people all over  world have no entertaining activities, which lead to  boom of social media platforms and  stock market, not only for  U.S,  ada,\'a0 but also for China and other countries. In   context, an interesting phenomenon that a lot of online communities on social media called "Expert" who are gradually  coming  major channel for people to get investing information for supporting their investment decision despite  quality and accuracy of information provided,   tendency makes me rethink that  relationship  tween social media and stock market, is that possible   kind of situation   have an adverse impact on stock market order in  long term? every coin   two sides. Also, what sort of measures for  government   take to regulate and control  risk in  future, new change needs new regulation,   is a new challenge for regulatory parties as well.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330256_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330256_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330256_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330256_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330256_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330256_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Ability for Social Media Sentiment to Affect  Stock Market\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330287_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Ability for Social Media Sentiment to Affect  Stock Market}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MATTHEW FORWARD
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   00:42\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi Pengfei, yes its interesting indeed. Financial regulation   a completely other story entirely. But I have read recently that crypto pullouts would fundamentally rock  world economy as  financial system    come exposed due to all  capital allocated to these cryptocurrencies. My point  ing, considering crypto is held by lots of non-institutionalized investors a sell off would probably   social media and community driven. So as you say, there might need to   regulations from a financial side, and that  central bank may have to keep an eye on social media trends in  future that could potentially destabalize  entire economy.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330287_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330287_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330287_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330287_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330287_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330287_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Ability for Social Media Sentiment to Affect  Stock Market\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330288_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Ability for Social Media Sentiment to Affect  Stock Market}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MATTHEW FORWARD
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   00:43\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 social media rooted sell offs that destabilize  entire economy.****\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330288_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330288_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330288_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330288_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330288_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330288_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Ability for Social Media Sentiment to Affect  Stock Market\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330381_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Ability for Social Media Sentiment to Affect  Stock Market}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  PENGFEI JI
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   13:02\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thank you!  sharing you provided are so informative and impressive. I   read more researches and articles about financial regulation and cryptocurrencies.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330381_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330381_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330381_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330381_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330381_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330381_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Ability for Social Media Sentiment to Affect  Stock Market\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330686_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Ability for Social Media Sentiment to Affect  Stock Market}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MICHAEL SCHOLZ
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 11   14:55\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 HI Matthew,\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Interesting point, and I agree with your and Pengfei's point on  regularisation of  financial markets in regard to social media.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 There is a strong opinion out there that  democritisation of trading (driven partially through social media)   have a good outcome of a potentially broken status quo ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.forbes.com/sites/roomykhan/2021/03/08/social-media-fueled-stock-market-trading-the-unsuspecting-need-to-be-protected/?sh=444ab3ab27dd"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.for s.com/sites/roomykhan/2021/03/08/social-media-fueled-stock-market-trading-the-unsuspecting-need-to- -protected/?sh=444ab3ab27dd}}). However,  whole system is flawed in my opinion, that trading is not about a real-value-creating business receiving funding, but rather about people wanting to profit as  primary goal of investing/trading. It would   great to see a different turn  ing taken by social media driven trading, and that is one where
\f0\b  social media   drive sustainable investing
\f1\b0  (something that traditional hedge funds or traders have not really done). These institutional investors are in it for  money, and that's understandable, but wouldn't it   great if  social media drive to change  stock market game was one to  value of all (e.g. investing in companies fighting climate change, global poverty, medical research, etc.), instead of what you mention to    well-known stocks and receivers such as "fb, apple, nike". To answer you other question, it would   great to see institutional investors   impacted and join   positive trend (perhaps a Michael utopia).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330686_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330686_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330686_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330686_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330686_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330686_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Sentiment Analysis for Low Resourced Languages on Social Media\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330267_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Sentiment Analysis for Low Resourced Languages on Social Media}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  HONGJIN LU
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   23:36\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://towardsdatascience.com/sentiment-analysis-for-low-resourced-languages-on-social-media-128bf01f2547"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15600 \cf0 \cb3 Sentiment Analysis for Low Resourced Languages on Social Media\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 An NLP Journey Inside a Genuine Linguistic Mess\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Taha Tobaili\cb1 \
\cb3 Medium\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\f8 \cf0 \cb3 To give a simple example,  TI-IDF algorithm needs to provide a sentiment database of  corresponding language as an analysis  nchmark, and I think such a corpus needs to   updated frequently, consumes a lot of human and financial resources, and needs corresponding linguistic experts as an auxiliary.
\f1 \cb1 \

\f8 \cb3 And as  article  low says, NLP is essentially at  service of business: discovering new market trends, designing targeted marketing campaigns, tracking brand awareness, creating personalized brand experiences, conceiving new product ideas, discovering and using influencer marketing, developing more engaging online content, monitoring competitors, etc., sentiment analysis     difficult to cover low resourced languages ( cause there may not bring much profit).
\f1 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.repustate.com/blog/social-media-sentiment-analysis/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f8 \cf5 \cb3 \ul \ulc5 https://www.repustate.com/blog/social-media-sentiment-analysis/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\f8 \cf0 \cb3 I'm thinking,     affect  inheritance of some other cultures? Or may  we're missing out on some potential opportunities?
\f1 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330267_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330267_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330267_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330267_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330267_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330267_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Sentiment Analysis for Low Resourced Languages on Social Media\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330289_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Sentiment Analysis for Low Resourced Languages on Social Media}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MATTHEW FORWARD
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   00:56\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hey Honjin, definitely an interesting read, as  world and capitalism usually only focuses on Western countries and China. As mentioned in  article  one form of dialect of arabic is different then  other and     interpreted slightly differently. I think, as you mentioned   provides great oppurtunities for people who take their skills to these countries that aren't  primary focus of big tech.\cb1 \
\cb3 Considering  same algorithms and backend code     used, a linguist and someone native to  area or smaller country needs to fill in  dictionaries.   presents a multitude of opportunities as a small business. If you   work in some countries that have a large enough outreach population and   a consultant on digital advertising or other things through NLP for a specific language, you have  ability to fill in  roll a bigger tech company  not or does not want to do. You say it does not bring much profit, but I think in a localized community and for a small business it could bring profit, just may  not to  scales that Facebook or Google care to invest in.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330289_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330289_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330289_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330289_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330289_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330289_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Sentiment Analysis for Low Resourced Languages on Social Media\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330291_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Sentiment Analysis for Low Resourced Languages on Social Media}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  ANUSHREE KHANDELWAL
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   01:07\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 \'93Stemming\'94 concept is well cleared after skim reading  article. Also, learnt a little bit Arabic :P\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Quick google search, found, there are\'a0low-resource languages,\'a0which\'a0have built corpora for\'a018721 languages. Quite a deal!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Here\'92s  crux from an article I was looking at, a possible solution for  low level resourced language could   to shift  approach from simplistic word-level sentiment analysis to concept-based sentiment analysis. Concept-based sentiment analysis is stepping away from methods based on keywords and word co-occurrence frequencies which takes into account  meanings of multi-word expressions based on  semantic analysis of  textual contents. For these methods, commonsense knowledge bases are  key to properly deconstruct natural language text into sentiments and to preserve  meaning carried by multi-word expressions. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12240.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.12240.pdf}})\cb1 \
\cb3 Might   helpful!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330291_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330291_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330291_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330291_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330291_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330291_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Douyin vs Tiktok,  short-form video giant in China.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330279_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Douyin vs Tiktok,  short-form video giant in China.}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  LINWEI SHI
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   23:44\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gab-china.com/what-are-the-main-differences-between-douyin-vs-tiktok/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15600 \cf0 \cb3 What Are  Main Differences  tween Douyin vs Tiktok?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 There are inherent differences b/w Douyin vs Tiktok.  purpose of article is to shed some light on Douyin, Short-form video giant in China\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Gab China\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb3 Hi All
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb3 I wanna share something about Douyin(chinese tiktok) and Tiktok.Bytedance, Chinese tech giant owns tiktok,but it   different version of tiktok  tween China and outside of China.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb3 Douyin: Douyin in China is actually close to full age. With  rapid growth of users, another signifi t change in Douyin is reflected in  content level, and it is also shifting towards a more mainstream and diversified direction.  most prominent performance is  highly rich platform content. In addition to pan-entertainment content, learning videos and life skills videos are also very popular.
\fs26 \cb1 \
\uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cb3 Tiktok: for example\'a0  United States,  largest market outside of China, as of January 2020, 37.2% of TikTok US users are 10-19 years old, 26.3% are 20-29 years old, and 16.7% are 30-39 years old. 63.5% of users are under  age of 30, and tiktok content is mostly shared by young people on a daily basis.  content is still relatively original, and there is not a sense of sophistication produced by many professional teams.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb3 Business monetization model:
\fs26 \cb1 \
\uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cb3  business monetization models of  two platforms are similar, but  difference is in maturity.
\fs26 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cb3 Douyin's monetization model is more mature and diversified:
\fs26 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cb3 1. Advertisement
\fs26 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cb3 2. Selling goods (social e-commerce)
\fs26 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cb3 3. Open live broadcast sales and fans gifts
\fs26 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cb3 4. Knowledge payment
\fs26 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cb3 5. Offline sales
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb3 Tiktok is still in  exploration stage of  business model, and it   achieved initial results.  mainstream realization methods are as follows
\fs26 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cb3 1. Advertising
\fs26 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cb3 2. E-commerce
\fs26 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cb3 3. Live-streaming
\fs26 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \cb3 4. Other media diversions: youtu , Ins, WhatsApp, etc.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cb3  current users of Douyin are already in a stage of slow growth. It   shifted from  incremental market to  stock market.  operation requires a more refined and professional team operation, and  commercialization     more mature. Therefore,  investment of human and material resources is greater than that of tiktok.
\fs26 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330279_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330279_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330279_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330279_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330279_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330279_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Douyin vs Tiktok,  short-form video giant in China.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330452_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Douyin vs Tiktok,  short-form video giant in China.}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  SHAGUN NARULA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   16:38\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thanks for sharing   Linwei. I had only heard of Tiktok, tbh but   seems very interesting.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 A company   invest as much as they want in technology, but if they do not invest in human resources properly, they are doomed.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330452_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330452_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330452_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330452_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330452_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330452_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Douyin vs Tiktok,  short-form video giant in China.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330641_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Douyin vs Tiktok,  short-form video giant in China.}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  SHRUTHI YAMAJALA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 11   12:28\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi Linwei,\cb1 \
\cb3 Thank you for sharing   article. It is always so interesting to learn how social media works in different parts of  world.   poses a challenge to brands in designing their marketing strategies as they need to keep up with trends in  respective countries.I  how  article uses  example of Starbucks to explain   difference. It was definetly an interesting read.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330641_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330641_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330641_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330641_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330641_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330641_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Analysing customer reviews using text and sentiment analysis for successful launch strategies\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330281_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Analysing customer reviews using text and sentiment analysis for successful launch strategies}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  ANUSHREE KHANDELWAL
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 09   23:58\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Link to  article: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mwsug.org/proceedings/2018/SB/MWSUG-2018-SB-89.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.mwsug.org/proceedings/2018/SB/MWSUG-2018-SB-89.pdf}}\cb1 \
\cb3 Today we read about text mining and sentiment analysis, and I was curious to know  concepts which we discussed during  class and in  tutorial about  sentiments of  words and their weightage/ranks.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 In order to  tter comprehend my knowledge I started reading   paper which is exactly about  example which we discussed during  class today, it\'92s about  customer reviews on a product on Amazon and how Amazon uses  results after sentiment and text analysis to understand its customer opinion about a product.\cb1 \
\cb3 In  case presented, textual data in  form of reviews from Amazon have  en gathered to extract  features of a product. Step by step approach from parsing (where punctuations and num rs and other parts of speech were ignored for  analysis which helped to identify  most frequently occurring words and  num r of comments in which each word occurred)\'a0to filtering and finally creating clusters out of it    en explained and clarified a lot.\cb1 \
\cb3 Do take time and have a look on Concept links. Although   paperwork was done using Python, SAS\'ae Text Miner, SAS\'ae Sentiment Analysis and SAS\'ae Visual Studio but it is worth reading  idea/concept  hind how  sentiments or  intensity or  weightage of  words are analyzed and comprehended.\cb1 \
\cb3 Thinking a bit out of context of  paper here but results from sentiment analysis     vital for any company\'92s SWOT or PESTEL analysis. We are well versed with  knowledge of  power of social media and  engagement of people on multiple discussion forums,   it reviews section as shown in   paper or any social networking site across  world, it is crucial for a company to analyze what its customer think and write about it.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3  tter analysis,  tter solutions!!\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330281_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330281_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330281_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330281_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330281_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330281_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 why social network analysis is important?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330292_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 why social network analysis is important?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  PENGFEI JI
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   01:24\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Article Link:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://blog.f-secure.com/why-social-network-analysis-is-important/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://blog.f-secure.com/why-social-network-analysis-is-important/}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Social network plays a really important role in social media industry, and   visualized  relation  tween users and  mention, like, as well as retweets as pictures based on  data from twitter , which demonstrated that social network is so close and complex, then everyone communicates with a large num r of people, Ultimately, forming a dense network.\cb1 \
\cb3 Also,  article point out several ways of how to "train" target through algorithms and in order to gain   st optimization to recommend content for users based on  social network analysis.\cb1 \
\cb3 Social networks are a powerful tool for spreading information and ideas, However, an equally powerful weapon for social engineering, disinformation, and propaganda. As such, research into these systems should   of interest to governments, law enforcement, cy r security companies and organizations that seek to understand human communications, culture, and society.\cb1 \
\cb3 what do you think  evolvement of social network implication in social media industry     in  long term? How do we utilize it and minimize  harm as much as possible? Please share your ideas freely.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330292_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330292_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330292_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330292_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330292_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330292_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 why social network analysis is important?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330336_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: why social network analysis is important?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MARIE SCH\'dcRMANN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   10:39\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi Pengfei,\cb1 \
\cb3 thanks for sharing  ! In my comment I focus on  spread of fake news and how to react on  , in general and especially in  context of social media. I found   article on  LSE blog very interesting in   context: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://blogs.lse.ac.uk/medialse/2021/09/14/how-to-stop-the-spread-of-conspiracy-theories-and-build-societal-resilience-against-fake-news/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://blogs.lse.ac.uk/medialse/2021/09/14/how-to-stop-the-spread-of-conspiracy-theories-and-build-societal-resilience-against-fake-news/}}\cb1 \
\cb3 They explain again that only a few people, sometimes even unknown people or blogs   have a huge impact and large reach on  spread of information. They suggest  following approaches to stop fake news and conspiracy theories:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f6\i \cf0 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"Combine technology with human intelligence:  menace of fake news  \'92t   completely resolved, but technology   help supplement and scale up human efforts.
\f1\i0 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f6\i \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Educate citizens: Build public awareness of fake news and empower everyone, from individual citizens to national governments, to identify and disarm damaging and misleading information  ing shared online.
\f1\i0 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f6\i \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Build knowledge of available countermeasures amongst government and law enforcement: Police action is just one such option. Others include takedown requests, terms of service violations, detailed investigation or simply ongoing monitoring.
\f1\i0 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f6\i \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Balance freedom of expression and privacy rights with security requirements:   may   contextual to each country, but it is important to have a society-wide conversation on  "\'a0
\f1\i0 (cited from  LSE blog posted above)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 In Germany, we have signifi t problems with people  lieving conspiracy theories. In COVID-19 context those include QAnon,  5G mobile network causes  coronavirus, and misinformation that  vaccinations   harm everyone and lead to death  cause  vaccines are not adequately researched. They do not have any scientific evidence but they argue that scientists and governments work together to cover up  truth.   group of people is mostly connected to others in social media platforms  Facebook and Telegram. They are truly living in a bubble of others who do  lieve  same and do not consume other news. I know that   is a minority of  society but still they have a large reach and get a lot of media interest.\'a0  is why  German government thinks about banning Telegram as a platform ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.euronews.com/2022/01/26/germany-considers-banning-telegram-app-accused-of-facilitating-hate-speech"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.euronews.com/2022/01/26/germany-considers-banning-telegram-app-accused-of-facilitating-hate-speech}}) but in my opinion   would not   a solution as they would search for another platform to stay connected.\cb1 \
\cb3 It is a global and society problem that we are facing and social media just reinforces   through connecting people who (easily)  lieve in conspiracy theories.   is why I found  recommendations of  LSE blog quite useful  cause they try to address   through an offline and online approach. There     increasing restrictions for social media platforms and technological support systems to further identify misleading posts  cause as  article you posted also mentioned, "finding suspicious activity just involves blind luck".\'a0As an example for technological tools to prevent further spread, Facebook introduced a fact-checking tool to make people aware of misleading information and fake news:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/22/facebook-fact-checking-tool-fake-news"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/22/facebook-fact-checking-tool-fake-news }}In my opinion   is  way to go further on.\'a0What do you think?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330336_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330336_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330336_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330336_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330336_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330336_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 why social network analysis is important?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330373_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: why social network analysis is important?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  PENGFEI JI
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 10   12:41\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thanks for your sharing, marie,  opinion and article you offered are really practical and informative. I do  lieve both public and government should promote awareness of identifying fake news and misleading information, to   specific, as for citizen they should   more rational and for government implementing relevant law regulations should   taken into account.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330373_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330373_1',%20$(%20'message_border._330373_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_330373_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_330373_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._330373_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Emoji-based Social Media Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331293_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Emoji-based Social Media Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MARIE SCH\'dcRMANN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 14   09:48\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hey everyone!\cb1 \
\cb3 We all use emojis in our everyday lives in social media and messages. It helps us to convey emotions that words  not communicate in  same way. So I was wondering how to include emojis in  text and sentiment analysis we use for Social Media Analytics and how   could  nefit companies.\cb1 \
\cb3 Liu, C., Fang, F., Lin, X., Cai, T., Tan, X., Liu, J., & Lu, X. (2021). 
\f0\b Improving sentiment analysis accuracy with emoji em dding
\f1\b0 .\'a0
\f6\i Journal of Safety Science and Resilience
\f1\i0 ,\'a0
\f6\i 2
\f1\i0 (4), 246-252. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jnlssr.2021.10.003"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jnlssr.2021.10.003}}\cb1 \
\cb3   was definitely a good read how em dding emojis in sentiment analysis\'a0  a positive effect on  overall accuracy regardless  sentiment analysis model.  plain text definitely   an important impact on emotions communicated but adding emojis to they analysis   reinforce  sentiments communicated.  article fully supported my expectations that emojis communicate important sentiments and should   included. They used to classify  emojis to sentiments (e.g. -1 for emojis conveying negative sentiments, +1 for emojis with positive sentiments) in a similar way that we use to do with words.\cb1 \
\cb3 Moussa, S. (2019). 
\f0\b An emoji-based metric for monitoring consumers\'92 emotions toward brands on social media
\f1\b0 .\'a0
\f6\i Marketing Intelligence & Planning
\f1\i0 . {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1108/MIP-07-2018-0257"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://doi.org/10.1108/MIP-07-2018-0257}}\cb1 \
\cb3   article   a similar approach as  first one. It classifies emojis included in Tweets relating to a brand from a scale of -1 to +1 (with +1  ing a very positive sentiment). They introduced a emoji-based sentiment score determining  overall emoji-conveyed sentiments towards each of  18 brands. All brands had a positive score in  end with Coca-Cola with   st sentiments (+0.667) and Taco  ll  least (+0.287).\cb1 \
\cb3  article was  ing   in 2019, so probably it is already used in  many companies as a easily interpreted metric to measure  customer sentiments. In my opinion   emoji-based metric still   to   set in  context of text analysis results. Also it might   unable to identify ironically used emojis  cause it would need  context  tween text and emoji usage which is difficult to measure for an algorithm.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331293_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331293_1',%20$(%20'message_border._331293_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331293_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331293_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._331293_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Emoji-based Social Media Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331540_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Emoji-based Social Media Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MICHAEL SCHOLZ
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 14   16:02\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thanks for sharing,   is very interesting. Makes sense that emojis are integral in sentiment analysis, as  root of  name, Emoji, is synonymous with "sentiment". To not use them, would seem counterintuitive.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 One challange on top of  one you mentioned, of irony, would    fast and everchanging landscape of emojis and their use. An emoji   mean one thing at one point, and another at another. Certain languages, cultures, or generations may also use certain emojis differently ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.vice.com/en/article/7kpngb/gen-z-young-people-use-emojis-differently-than-millennials"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.vice.com/en/article/7kpngb/gen-z-young-people-use-emojis-differently-than-millennials}}), and perhaps even in an opposite way.  challange here would   to keep up, but also understanding that in a more globalised virtual but also physical world, since there is a different understanding of different emojis, any algorithm trying to capture emojis in sentiment analysis should   constantly tested and updated.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331540_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331540_1',%20$(%20'message_border._331540_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331540_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331540_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._331540_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Emoji-based Social Media Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331558_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Emoji-based Social Media Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MARIE SCH\'dcRMANN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 14   16:27\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi Michael,\cb1 \
\cb3 Thank you for your thoughts on  challenges of emoji-based sentiment analysis.\cb1 \
\cb3 I agree with you that emojis are really dependent on  context of  situation and user demographics.  association of emojis with words was explored in   paper ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.32473/flairs.v34i1.128562)"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://doi.org/10.32473/flairs.v34i1.128562)}} using a Word2Vec model, a neural net model that learns word associations from large text sets.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3  paper proves what you also claimed:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 1. emojis are more complex than just a feeling or meaning and\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2. time and/or global events also change  meaning of emojis, e.g.  
\f7 \uc0\u55357 \u56887 
\f1  mask smiley during  Covid 19 pandemic.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Using a Word2Vec model to replace emojis with  corresponding sentiment would   a more accurate way to em d emojis than simply translating them on a scale of -1 to +1, which is biased based on geography or other factors.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331558_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331558_1',%20$(%20'message_border._331558_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331558_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331558_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._331558_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Emoji-based Social Media Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331562_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Emoji-based Social Media Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MARIE SCH\'dcRMANN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 14   16:31\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3  link I shared initially does not work but   one does:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.32473/flairs.v34i1.128562"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \ul \ulc5 https://doi.org/10.32473/flairs.v34i1.128562}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331562_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331562_1',%20$(%20'message_border._331562_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331562_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331562_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._331562_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Emoji-based Social Media Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331928_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Emoji-based Social Media Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  NOUR EL GHALI
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   12:08\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thank you for sharing Marie. I totally agree with what you posted, Emojis are definitely a good way to analyze sentiment, and they indeed a tool to express our feelings. Also, thank you for sharing  articles they are very insightful!\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331928_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331928_1',%20$(%20'message_border._331928_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331928_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331928_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._331928_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Emoji-based Social Media Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332188_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Emoji-based Social Media Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MOHIT GANESH RATHOD
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   16:50\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thanks for sharing, Marie!\cb1 \
\cb3 It's very interesting to see  signifi ce of emoji's in text analysis.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332188_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332188_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332188_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332188_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332188_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332188_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Emoji-based Social Media Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332212_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Emoji-based Social Media Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  ZIAD ZEIN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   17:14\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thanks for sharing Marie! I really think   is interesting news and personally I  lieve emojies provide a huge edition of sentimient and emotions into sentiment analysis using text mining. Most users online, disregarding  platform they use have  en refering to emojis as a way to express their emotions and i think emojis have  ability to campture sentiment meaning more than some texts are vague and do not show any sentiment when analyzed.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332212_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332212_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332212_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332212_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332212_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332212_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Emoji-based Social Media Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332656_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Emoji-based Social Media Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  HONGJIN LU
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 16   15:25\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb9 Thanks for sharing, actually I'm not optimistic about emoji sentiment analysis. For example, in China, a smiling emoji means happiness for middle-aged people, but unhappy for young people. Many emoji are separated from  meaning of  image itself, which is different from traditional NLP,  cause it not only needs to   updated in real time to face a large num r of different emojis, but also needs to face  cultural habits of different countries, and even needs to face  emotions and thoughts of different people of different ages and so on, it's just too difficult\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332656_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332656_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332656_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332656_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332656_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332656_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Emoji-based Social Media Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332772_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Emoji-based Social Media Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  VISHNURAM TP
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 16   22:14\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thank you for sharing   Marie,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3   is a fascinating and, in my opinion, critical aspect of assessing sentiments  yond what  plain language reveals. Em dding emojis\'a0  undoubtedly improve sentiment analysis, particularly in P2P content such as comments or reactions. I'm curious as to how complicated things  come when we consider not only emojis, but also emoticons created using special characters such as 
\f0\b :-) 
\f1\b0 (Smile) or\'a0
\f0\b ;-) 
\f1\b0 Smile with a wink\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b \cb3 ( Let alone\'a0:<\})\'a0User with moustache smiling). 
\f1\b0 XD\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Additionally, animated emojis, Animojis, GIFs, Gliphicons, and other highly complicated items are  coming increasingly popular.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 It's worth noticing how platforms have evolved  yond basic like/dis reactions and incorporated new ones  as Love/Support/Curious/Celebrate and insightful. These are all evocative of how  viewer feels about  post.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Text is  coming obsolete; perhaps we should follow up with a tutorial on non-textual content analysis:p\cb1 \
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332772_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332772_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332772_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332772_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332772_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332772_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Universal Social Media Platforms to Split Factional Platforms: Effect on Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331556_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Universal Social Media Platforms to Split Factional Platforms: Effect on Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MICHAEL SCHOLZ
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 14   16:25\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 There    en in recent years, talk about rising conservative, alternative social media platforms, proclaiming to   "protectors of free speech". However, these fail to get enough traction, and users retain usage of traditional platforms ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.msnbc.com/opinion/gab-gettr-conservative-social-media-has-plenty-pitfalls-n1287797"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.msnbc.com/opinion/gab-gettr-conservative-social-media- -plenty-pitfalls-n1287797}}).\cb1 \
\cb3 However, it is not inconceivable, that in light of a polarisation of political views (at least in  West), competing social media platforms may succeed, and we would see different social media platforms for different political views.\cb1 \
\cb3 Given such as scenario, what new challenges do you think we would face in social media analysis?\'a0 At  moment, we have platforms that are used universally across all groups, but given factionally-differentiated platforms, do you think campaigns would   much more difficult to run, so much so, that perhaps companies would almost   forced to have very different campaigns dependent on  platform and view? Would that work?\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331556_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331556_1',%20$(%20'message_border._331556_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331556_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331556_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._331556_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Universal Social Media Platforms to Split Factional Platforms: Effect on Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331827_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Universal Social Media Platforms to Split Factional Platforms: Effect on Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  SHAGUN NARULA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   08:48\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thanks for sharing   Michael. It was an interesting read.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 I strongly agree with what Darren Linvill   to say. Existence of one platform enables exchange of views, opinions and that is how users interact. If different platforms are created for different political views then it just a one sided argument.\cb1 \
\cb3 Now to answer your question whether existence of differentiated platforms would work, thinking from a perspective of a company, if  company   easily disguish  tween its user base, it could show more targeted content to its users. So,   might   in favor of  companies.\'a0 Think of it  you've  en handed segmented data and all you have to now do is, devise different marketing strategies.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 S\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331827_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331827_1',%20$(%20'message_border._331827_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331827_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331827_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._331827_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Universal Social Media Platforms to Split Factional Platforms: Effect on Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331920_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Universal Social Media Platforms to Split Factional Platforms: Effect on Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MICHAEL SCHOLZ
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   12:00\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thanks for your insight, Shagun. However, do you not think thtat   is not different segments, as if one platform's users get wind of a company going for an opposing group, that   have negative repercussions for  brand? I think it's different to marketing on Facebook AND Twitter, as these are not politically rivals.  social media platforms I suggest are split along  liefs, so that I think a company would have to   very careful and potentially have to choose one platform in a zero sum game. What do you think?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331920_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331920_1',%20$(%20'message_border._331920_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331920_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331920_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._331920_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Universal Social Media Platforms to Split Factional Platforms: Effect on Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332040_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Universal Social Media Platforms to Split Factional Platforms: Effect on Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  SHAGUN NARULA
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   14:12\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Then, although  campaigning     targeted but would not   of any use as users already agree with those  liefs. Also, then  company would not   able to expand its user baser as they   only choose one platform.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332040_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332040_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332040_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332040_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332040_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332040_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Universal Social Media Platforms to Split Factional Platforms: Effect on Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332044_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Universal Social Media Platforms to Split Factional Platforms: Effect on Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MOHIT GANESH RATHOD
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   14:19\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 I agree with Shagun and in addition to that I  lieve companies don't necessariliy have to create campaigns based on their political views.\cb1 \
\cb3 Consider an example of any products - ice-cream, drinks, clothes, vehicles or electronic devices which we use on our day to day basis ... customer's  haviour would not change how they use these products. In addition to that, as a business owner or as a manager I would try to avoid any conficts. If you remem r Harvard Case Study and Simulation - we targeted customers based on their age, income, race, gender, etc. So, In similar way I   target those customers who're potential customers (even if it's only 1 particular cluster) is buying my products but I wouldn't show something    in my marketing campaigns/ advertisements.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Even if you want to target customer based on their political views it would   something  based on colors (red for Repubi s and blue for Democrats. Red hat, blue hat!). {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.livescience.com/why-blue-democrats-red-republicans.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.livescience.com/why-blue-democrats-red-republi s.html}}\cb1 \
\cb3 Also, it raises a question to what extenct you are  ing to go - Here's a really good example of Nike's campaigns in Arab Country.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.hindustantimes.com/world-news/watch-nike-ad-showing-women-athletes-strikes-a-nerve-in-arab-world/story-l461WzYSJNjk0dlcMEoblN.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs31\fsmilli15600 \cf0 \cb3 Watch: Nike ad showing women athletes strikes a nerve in Arab world\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 An online commercial released by Nike   week that showed Arab women fencing, boxing and spinning on ice-skates   stirred controversy over its attempt to smash stereotypes about women leading home-bound lives in  conservative region.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Hindustan Times\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Let's say 50% people  it and 50%   hate it ... are you  ing to let go of that 50% of potential customers? or you'll just change your marketing strategy?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332044_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332044_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332044_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332044_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332044_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332044_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Universal Social Media Platforms to Split Factional Platforms: Effect on Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332048_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Universal Social Media Platforms to Split Factional Platforms: Effect on Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MARIE SCH\'dcRMANN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   14:24\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi Michael,\cb1 \
\cb3 in   hypothetical case, I guess   depends a lot on  company's advertising  cause you're assuming that  company communicates a political opinion in their advertisement. I think most of advertisement campaigns are unpolitical but based on demographic, geographic or psychographic attributes or lifestyle (hobbies, etc., not necessarily a political-based). Users probably would not care that they also target another political group/platform if  advertisement is unpolitical.\cb1 \
\cb3 I just saw that Mohit commented  same argument, so I agree :)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332048_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332048_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332048_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332048_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332048_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332048_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Universal Social Media Platforms to Split Factional Platforms: Effect on Analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332595_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Universal Social Media Platforms to Split Factional Platforms: Effect on Analysis}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  VISHNURAM TP
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 16   13:55\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 I really hope it never comes to a situation where there are two platforms one for right and one for left (Or equivalent). In my opinion such platforms would just end up  ing a circle jerk for bigots with very rigid political  liefs. These would just end up  ing a discussion forum for politics of their respective sides. I don't see anything other than politics thriving in such a platform. Hence  ing a purely politically funded operation. So you would only want to analyse  chatter here if you are running a political campaign. For others, any third platform that chooses to maintain neutrality would thrive as both consumers and markets would prefer these. I would rather have both sides see my new sneakers on sale or whatever it is that I'm selling. Given how things have progressed I do agree that such platforms might   successful, and gather a large enough user base. But I don't see people discussing anything  yond politics on such a platform. Unless these are  only platforms with signifi t user base and   to    default social media platform. In short: Division of platform based on political ideology: Winners: Politicians Losers: Social media platforms, Businesses who advertise on these platforms, and consumers who consume them.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332595_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332595_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332595_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332595_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332595_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332595_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 TikTok creates an online course to enable marketers.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331925_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 TikTok creates an online course to enable marketers.}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  NOUR EL GHALI
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   12:03\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 TikTok launched a free online course on how to utilize  platform in   st way for your brand.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 You   learn a lot of tips and tricks on how to use TikTok for your business in terms of targeting, inspirational ideas, and many more.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331925_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331925_1',%20$(%20'message_border._331925_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331925_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331925_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._331925_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 TikTok creates an online course to enable marketers.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332193_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: TikTok creates an online course to enable marketers.}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MARIE SCH\'dcRMANN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   16:53\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi Nour,\cb1 \
\cb3   is interesting indeed. Could you please share  link? Is it a free online course?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332193_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332193_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332193_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332193_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332193_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332193_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 TikTok creates an online course to enable marketers.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332565_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: TikTok creates an online course to enable marketers.}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  NOUR EL GHALI
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 16   13:15\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hello Marie,\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 Yes it is, please find  low  link for  course provided.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tiktok-tactics.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs31\fsmilli15600 \cf0 \cb3 TikTok Tactics\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Whatever your advertising goals, there is a set of universal foundations that   help you achieve marketing success on TikTok Ads Manager. We call them TikTok Tactics!\cb1 \
}}\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332565_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332565_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332565_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332565_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332565_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332565_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 TikTok creates an online course to enable marketers.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332208_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: TikTok creates an online course to enable marketers.}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  ZIAD ZEIN
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   17:11\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hey Nour! Thanks for sharing   interesting news! I  lieve TikTok is evolving to support further features to its users and with  focus now shifting to business, tiktok is providing small and large business with  opportunity to utilize their platform and enhance advertising, business ideas, strategies and more.   you. please \'a0share  link to  article?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332208_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332208_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332208_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332208_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332208_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332208_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 TikTok creates an online course to enable marketers.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332263_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: TikTok creates an online course to enable marketers.}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  AKISHA SINGH
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   18:40\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi Ziad,\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 That's true  course   help businesses to utilize their platform and   help tik tok in their own business model and monetary  nefits. Along with  online course, they have also provided a guidebook to plan and implement on " How to advertise on Tik Tok". I found   article which    link to  course and guidebook as well. Hope   helps.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/tiktok-launches-tiktok-tactics-online-course-to-help-marketers-level-up-t/617798/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \ul \ulc5 https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/tiktok-launches-tiktok-tactics-online-course-to-help-marketers-level-up-t/617798/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332263_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332263_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332263_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332263_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332263_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332263_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 How do you Extract Brand Insights from TikTok Videos?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331935_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 How do you Extract Brand Insights from TikTok Videos?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  NOUR EL GHALI
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   12:13\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3  challenge marketers face today, is how to effectively extract vital brand insights from short-form videos on such platforms  TikTok. Repustate\'92s sophisticated AI-powered machine learning (ML) and natural language processing (NLP) API extracts meaningful insights from these videos to give Brands using Tik Tok for business, precisely what they are looking for.\cb1 \
\cb3 There are three components to how Repustate does TikTok social listening:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 audio channel\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 caption overlay\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Any branded content or imagery in  background\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 To analyze  audio channel, TikTok videos are run through a speech-to-text neural network (NN).  resulting text is then piped through  existing Repustate text analytics API for insights.\cb1 \
\cb3 To detect  caption overlay, we trained our own neural network to do two things: a) detect whether or not there is a caption present and b) extract  actual text from  caption. In  image  low, our neural network first detects  white speech bubble and then passes that onto another neural network to extract  text\'a0
\f6\i \'93and why do u dis trump\'94
\f1\i0 . That text is then sent to  Repustate\'92s\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.repustate.com/text-analytics-api/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 text analytics}}\'a0API for processing.\cb1 \
\cb3 Lastly, we\'92re able to detect prominent brands, people, or landmarks in videos.   is done by training a neural network to recognize logos, people\'92s faces, landmark buildings, or objects, and then identify them in videos.\cb1 \
\cb3 To accomplish both (a) and (b) above,  video is converted to a series of images. After all, a video is but image frames shown one after another in sequence, at speed. And so, in  end, a total of 3 to 4 neural networks are used to extract important insights for TikTok analytics for videos.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331935_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331935_1',%20$(%20'message_border._331935_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_331935_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_331935_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._331935_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 How do you Extract Brand Insights from TikTok Videos?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332661_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: How do you Extract Brand Insights from TikTok Videos?}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  HONGJIN LU
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 16   15:36\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Thanks for sharing, it looks   process consists of a complex series of steps: Machine Learning, NLP and Deep Learning. Do you have any links to   process, reporting  strengths and weaknesses of such an algorithm? Or how does   algorithm perform now?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332661_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332661_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332661_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332661_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332661_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332661_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Quote}} 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7 Mark as Read
\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Debate : Social Media Corrupts Human Interactions?!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332278_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Debate : Social Media Corrupts Human Interactions?!}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  MOHIT GANESH RATHOD
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   19:17\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Please see  attached YouTu  video links for a debate on Social Media Corrupts Human Interaction vs Social Media DOES NOT Corrupt Human Interaction\'a0from Oxford Union: (  is not something related to social media analytics but its impact on human life)\cb1 \
\cb3 Part 1: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hCq0V_edbY"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.youtu .com/watch?v=5hCq0V_edbY}}\cb1 \
\cb3 Part 2: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stRI1-qIbGg"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.youtu .com/watch?v=stRI1-qIbGg}}\cb1 \
\cb3 Part 3: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1GSEUQO084"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.youtu .com/watch?v=t1GSEUQO084}}\cb1 \
\cb3 Part 4: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bGqqBSLCdc"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.youtu .com/watch?v=1bGqqBSLCdc}}\cb1 \
\cb3 Part 5: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3gWHz3cXlc"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.youtu .com/watch?v=Z3gWHz3cXlc}}\cb1 \
\cb3 Part 6: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=babB9FELw8o"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.youtu .com/watch?v=babB9FELw8o}}\cb1 \
\cb3 Big-tech companies hire   st psychologists and neurologists to make their product/platform addictive as much as possible ( {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nypost.com/2019/08/13/big-tech-is-using-psychology-to-glue-us-to-our-screens/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://nypost.com/2019/08/13/big-tech-is-using-psychology-to-glue-us-to-our-screens/}} ).\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 As a kid, my entertainment was spending time by observing things around me - birds, animals, trees, living, non-living things and how everyone interacts with each other. And in opposite to that today, if you ask me to spend a day or a week without using a mobile phone or computer then it seems  a challenge.\cb1 \
\cb3  things people do on social media platforms to gain validation from other people   a very higher influence  way they spend their time. ( {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.socialworktoday.com/archive/092116p6.shtml"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 https://www.socialworktoday.com/archive/092116p6.shtml}} )\cb1 \
\cb3 We know that by analyzing customer  haviour companies influence its audience and sell products. I strongly feel that human should connect to each other in real world and not on any social media platforms (Facebook, Instagram, Bumble, Reddit, etc.).  next generation   learn a lot by observing people around it. If they get influence wrongly, it   very bad consequences in their future.\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3  tech-world is changing very fast and one   to cope up with it.  question one must ask, whether you're using  social media or social media is using using you?\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 My sincere apologies, if anyone feel    is irrlevent for  class discussion!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332278_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332278_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332278_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332278_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332278_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332278_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Instagram Adds Stories Likes to Provide Insight on Viewer Engagement\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332315_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 Instagram Adds Stories Likes to Provide Insight on Viewer Engagement}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  SARATH KUMAR MOHANA SUNDARAM
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 15   21:11\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi Everyone,\cb1 \
\cb3 Instagram   come up with a new add-on feature of stories likes , which enables us to   story in  feed without bombarding someone with DMs similar to  Tiktok .\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/instagram-adds-stories-likes-to-provide-insight-on-viewer-engagement/618827/#:~:text=Instagram%20Adds%20Stories%20Likes%20to%20Provide%20Insight%20on%20Viewer%20Engagement,-Published%20Feb.&text=As%20demonstrated%20by%20Instagram%20chief,of%20that%20Story%20a%20like."}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb3 \ul \ulc5 https://www.socialmediatoday.com/news/instagram-adds-stories-likes-to-provide-insight-on-viewer-engagement/618827/#:~:text=Instagram%20Adds%20Stories%20Likes%20to%20Provide%20Insight%20on%20Viewer%20Engagement,- %20Feb.&text=As%20demonstrated%20by%20Instagram%20chief,of%20that%20Story%20a%20like.}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Stories   not have  counts in  feed where  user posts an image to stay in  page until it is erased.  Meta-backed platform    en testing hiding  counts on  main feed for a long time  fore deciding to leave them on by default.  creator of  story  't display likes however   view who liked it on its view sheet where it shows who   seen  story. Instagram chief Mosseri said it is to make users express more support for each other without clogging   's DMs.\cb1 \
\cb3 It also brings Stories closer to TikTok-style short video segments, which rank and engage users based on user interaction signals.\cb1 \
\cb3 As mentioned in  article ,technically it sounds  a minor update but it could have a bigger impact and lets see how instagram looks to utilize  experiences it gathers from such update.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332315_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332315_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332315_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332315_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332315_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332315_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Instagram Adds Stories Likes to Provide Insight on Viewer Engagement\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://tcd.blackboard.com/webapps/discussionboard/do/message?conf_id=_105890_1&forum_id=_63250_1&course_id=_71050_1&action=list_messages&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332380_1"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf5 \cb3 RE: Instagram Adds Stories Likes to Provide Insight on Viewer Engagement}}
\f1\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  :\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13376 \cf4 \cb3  LINWEI SHI
\f1\b0\fs24\fsmilli12160 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3 16   00:25\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb3  \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \cb3 Hi Sarath\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 Thanks for sharing  .  \'92t wait to see how\'92s going on insta. Which is good,  cause it\'92s pretty annoying to have to send somebody a DM to let them know that you liked their story.it   improve viewers' engagement a lot I  lieve.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332380_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332380_1',%20$(%20'message_border._332380_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb3  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:Message.editOrReplyMessage(%20'_332380_1',%20'message?do=reply&conf_id=_105890_1&requestType=message&forum_id=_63250_1&isInline=true&course_id=_71050_1&action=reply&nav=discussion_board&message_id=_332380_1'%20+%20'&quote=true',%20$(%20'message_border._332380_1'%20)%20);"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf2 \cb7  }}\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa281\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28\fsmilli14080 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf2 \cb13 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mark\'a0}